Add README.md (#7)
aerius/database-modules: README.md

# Database Modules

## Description
The `database-modules` is a repository for all common database objects (SQL structure) and data (loading dbdata files) bundled into modules for reuse.

## Standards 
* The database objects and data of the modules should be stable. These may only be changed in exceptional circumstances.
* Modules should be the smallest logical group of database objects and data.
* Module names should start with the recommended schema name or `aerius` if the schema is fixed or irrelevant.

> * Module names may not containt dashes but only low dashed (underscores).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Module names may not contain dashes, only letters and underscores are allowed.
```

* It is not mandatory to load a module in its entirety. This can be taken into account in the design of the file structure. An example is the nature dataset where most of the dbdata files have been supplied and some have been derived from the supplied data to speed up the database build process.
* Add only NL data. In contrast to UK only NL reuses a lot of data in different projects.
* Dbdata files should have the recommended schema name as prefix. E.g. `nature.` or `grid.`.

> * Using `import_common_into_schema` you can choose the schema where the database objects or object data will be added to. But there really must be a good reason to deviate from the recommended schema name. Using `import_common` the database objects or data will be added to the `public` schema.

Reviewer: so the preferred way is to use `import_common_into_schema` with the schema as suggested by the module name?

Author: Not importing everything in public is preferable right?

Reviewer: yeah it is, but it's not that clear from the text as it is now I think, so might be good to make that more explicit? Like phrasing it something like 'you can also use `import_common`, which will insert structure and/or data in the `public` schema, but this is not the preferred way/best practice'.

Author: ```suggestion
* Using `import_common_into_schema` you can choose the schema where the database objects or object data will be added to. But there really must be a good reason to deviate from the recommended schema name. Using `import_common` the database objects or data will be added to the `public` schema, but this is not the preferred way/best practice.
```

Author: Something like this @BertScholten?

Reviewer: Yeah, that'd work

## Current modules

### Grid
Just receptors and hexagons.

### Nature_areas

> Natura2000 areas and there properties like geometry, authority and directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Natura2000 areas and their properties like geometry, authority and directive.
```
Missed this one first time around 🙈

### Nature_areas_and_species

> Habitats and there properties like the conservation goals, critical load and the species present.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Habitats and their properties like the conservation goals, critical load and the species present.
```
(not a fan of using `<br />` in using markdown myself)

> In this module is possible to load only the supplied data `supplied_<dataset_year>.sql`, or the entire dataset `dataset__<dataset_year>.sql>` including the derived (generated) data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this module it is possible to load only the supplied data through `supplied_<dataset_year>.sql`, or the entire dataset through `dataset__<dataset_year>.sql>` including the derived (generated) data.
```
Is it correct that there's 2 underscores for dataset and 1 for supplied?

Author: No should be only one

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/aerius/database-modules/pull/7/commits/d36615da2fd705f9089f7116ecf49d7c8f0ea52e

### Build_nature
All the functionality for generating and storing the derived data.

### Aerius-general

> Some common AERIUS functionality that is too AERIUS specific for the [`database-build`](https://github.com/aerius/database-modules) common modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some common AERIUS functionality that is too AERIUS specific for the [`database-build`](https://github.com/aerius/database-build) common modules.
```
